---
layout: default
---

# [「シリコンバレーのエンジニアが語る、誰にも悪気はなかった話」](http://chibicode.com/the-prize) — 脚注

1. <a id="dHUZQvLn"></a>"There was a complication....Let's go ahead, he said." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 32. Print.</small>
1. <a id="UZwcT1mh"></a>"Zuckerberg was drawn to the cause...Who knows what that kid's going to do?" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 25-27. Print.</small>
1. <a id="4l8Y1hR9"></a>"Booker had emerged from the first generation....state senator Ronald Rice Sr. in a landslide." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 10-13. Print.</small>
1. <a id="XJqeh3GK"></a>"The plan called for an 'infusion of philanthropic support'....Booker began pitching it to major donors" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 20-21. Print.</small>
1. <a id="eZQPzY9q"></a>"Booker and Zuckerberg met at a buffet dinner one night on the deck of....'This is a person who can create change.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 24-25. Print.</small>
1. <a id="9H91SLia"></a>"Zuckerberg made clear that his primary goal was....this meant raising a kind-sized amount of money in an economy still reeling from the financial crisis of 2008." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 28-29. Print.</small>
1. <a id="nuXX6zmd"></a>"What happened inside many buildings was even worse....just over a third of the statewide rate" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 4. Print.</small>
1. <a id="y5CLvRpj"></a>"Violence permeated children's lives....Two of the victims and the survivor were West Side graduates." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 3-4. Print.</small>
1. <a id="x8FpmUMX"></a>"There was little debate that the district desperately neded reform....a massive brick lintel fell onto the front walkway" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 4. Print.</small>
1. <a id="UPn5yDHD"></a>"In 1994, state Department of Education....They were indicted on multiple charges and later acquitted." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 19. Print.</small>
1. <a id="8aMAAxwa"></a>"In the early 1980s, with Gibson in the mayor's office....The board came under the control of those who got the most followers to the polls—unions and the city's most powerful political boss." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 20. Print.</small>
1. <a id="ICTEHU7z"></a>"Over the years in Newark,....the district budget 'the prize.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 6. Print.</small>
1. <a id="0uYUMDXw"></a>"By the late 1960s, more than eighteen thousand residents were jammed into a one-and-a-half-mile radius....according to testimony before the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 16. Print.</small>
1. <a id="vvV23gVW"></a> <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. Appendix II. Print.</small>
1. <a id="LvA5Mpd1"></a>"With 7,000 people on its payroll, the school district was the biggest public employer in a city of roughly 270,000." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 5. Print.</small>
1. <a id="0pLbLynt"></a>"It was an agenda the incumbent Democratic governor, Jon Corzine, likely never would have embraced....a once in a lifetime chance to get the system on the right track." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 5. Print.</small>
1. <a id="h2CIT8Zc"></a>"New Jersey's troubled urban schools provided rich source material for Christie's run for governor in 2009....he recalled saying." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 14. Print.</small>
1. <a id="h2CIT8Zc"></a> <small>中澤 渉 (2014)『なぜ日本の公教育費は少ないのか』勁草書房:286-291</small>
1. <a id="rSjypp4L"></a>"Given the polarized state of national politics....poorest children" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 31. Print.</small>
1. <a id="qRtcYDge"></a>"A similar message was reaching the young people of Newark....'What's wrong with these schools?'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 60-61. Print.</small>
1. <a id="vf7UnKbj"></a>"Bookoer calculated correctly....driven by Newark parents and their demands for change." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 55-56. Print.</small>
1. <a id="zyp85jtu"></a>"Because the reforms would focus on systemic changes....She asked in an email about plans for a 'community awareness piece,' deeming it 'so critical.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 33. Print.</small>
1. <a id="G6Rc8mRx"></a>"In one of the first expenditures of his philanthropic bounty....We want to make it the best public school system in the country'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 58-60. Print.</small>
1. <a id="HM8NSnEg"></a>"Perhaps the most consistent plea was for the district to treat the social and emotional health of children....'How to Be a Parent of a Child Who Learns.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 61-63. Print.</small>
1. <a id="1uo1EFjG"></a>"Gathered around a conference table to hear from Cerf....allowing for dismissal of ineffective teachers and rewards for the best ones" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 68-69. Print.</small>
1. <a id="dSxHsqr9"></a>"While Chris Cerf helped colleagues get consulting jobs in Newark,....'I didn't see how it was anything but trying to be helpful,' he said." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 72. Print.</small>
1. <a id="hbr1jHRe"></a>"Despite the spirited participation at the forums....If they had known, the organizers said, they would have asked residents to weigh in on these tradeoffs, which could have led to important community conversations" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 63. Print.</small>
1. <a id="dqq7gRhd"></a>"But that's now how it came across in the Star-Ledger....the crowd chanted, growing louder and louder." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 72-74. Print.</small>
1. <a id="kfmQkORf"></a>"Newark's most influential business and community leaders were bombarding the city hall switchboard....Try to sound a little more like Abe Lincoln.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 74-77. Print.</small>
1. <a id="e08V53Ga"></a>"Nearly half of the children came from families who lived in what the government classified as 'extreme poverty'....where only four percent of seventh graders passed." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 43. Print.</small>
1. <a id="ihr4uQ3z"></a>"Yet worse than the damage from poverty at Avon, he found, was the district's unconscionable and systematic neglect of the children's needs." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 43. Print.</small>
1. <a id="0qjrwEcF"></a>"They began planning in earnest in 2009....This was the STEP program Williams now used with her kindergarten class." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 45-46. Print.</small>
1. <a id="6HYuxzxi"></a>"Clifford Janey, then the Newark superintendent, encouraged the BRICK team to write a proposal for a school....Lee and Haygood looked not for preexisting powerhouses but for teachers who knew their subjects, had strong relationships, and were willing to work on their practice with a goal of becoming more effective." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 47. Print.</small>
1. <a id="fkSA89Bi"></a>"The BRICK leaders divided administrative responsibilities....three kinds of academic support activities that teachers would carry out with them every day" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 47-48. Print.</small>
1. <a id="IEzzadH4"></a>"Against this backdrop, the new leaders of Avon fanned across the neighborhood in the summer of 2010 to knowk on every door and talk to parents about working together to change the school." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 49. Print.</small>
1. <a id="SLLvBCJH"></a>"A life-sized casualty of the long decline arrived in six grade....forever getting thrown out of class for refusing to do his work" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 50. Print.</small>
1. <a id="sDtBXd5w"></a>"After his banner year with Rappaport, though, Alif returned to....under the old Avon regime, he had been promoted to the next grade." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 53. Print.</small>
1. <a id="xvEMbqrv"></a>"Weidman built a relationship with Alif's mother....She was desperate for help." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 50-51. Print.</small>
1. <a id="YJ0dRsPU"></a>"In the fall of 2012, Kathleen Carlson....His math scores on standardized tests, by contrast, had been on grade level every year, and in some years above." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 166-167. Print.</small>
1. <a id="tVmgp3JG"></a>"Weidman rearranged Alif's schedule so that he met daily with Carlson at 2 p.m.....'She'll help you—really,' he said." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 167-168. Print.</small>
1. <a id="q0L8hMlj"></a>"This was in part because it was basketball season, his favorite time of year....'...I got to be able to read my contract so my lawyer won't be able to take money from me.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 168-170. Print.</small>
1. <a id="65HSXg6L"></a>"Hope was taking root in Alif, and Weidman, Haygood, and Carlson were determined....But how could they send a boy who read at perhaps a third-grade level to high school in the fall?" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 170-171. Print.</small>
1. <a id="Rvbpi5SW"></a>"Alif took a range of other assessments....lapses would lead to detention or suspension—from basketball as well as school." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 172-174. Print.</small>
1. <a id="SD55giSK"></a>"Her students told her everything....'Watch Your Surroundings.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 79-80. Print.</small>
1. <a id="fQwddWYg"></a>"Harris asked how many students had.......Again, half the students' hands went up." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 82. Print.</small>
1. <a id="HVdR3uz8"></a>"When the scores came back in April, seventy-two students had passed both the math and the literacy tests, more than a fivefold increase from the year before." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 91. Print.</small>
1. <a id="kmJmSyh7"></a>"Baraka mounted an aggressive turnaround strategy....a standing ovation worthy of a football team MVP." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 91-92. Print.</small>
1. <a id="IIbwBP46"></a>"He met regularly with a group of fatherless boys....'And our job? Override oppression? Huh!'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 83-84. Print.</small>
1. <a id="3Mz9kWZX"></a>"Ras Baraka was a cult figure at Central High....a a brother was shot in the head and permanently disabled." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 83. Print.</small>
1. <a id="HWJwyJJm"></a>"Baraka the younger was at the same time emerging as the leader of the opposition to Booker....he said of Booker and Christie." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 90. Print.</small>
1. <a id="7mcfzSOI"></a>"In his other job, as a politician....the election provided an opportunity for Ras Baraka to begin building a citywide base for an eventual run for mayor." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 93-94. Print.</small>
1. <a id="vZnAxoSn"></a>"The school board elections were held the last Wednesday in April" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 95. Print.</small>
1. <a id="IHWUf0GZ"></a>"One day, while observing teachers and writing feedback for them....coming to our town and saying 'I'm going to fix you.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 93. Print.</small>
1. <a id="g2lGaPuT"></a>"Zuckerberg and Sandberg summoned the mayor....he remembered saying." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 102. Print.</small>
1. <a id="gPifvs42"></a>"Booker's first choice was John King....by politicians who were likely to seek higher office" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 30. Print.</small>
1. <a id="r3fggOpt"></a>"After John King had turned down the job, Booker had no plan B....Adubato warned Christie and Booker that naming a superintendent before the election could provide a focal point for opponents of reform, increasing turnout for the Baraka slate." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 98-99. Print.</small>
1. <a id="Lw5FSKuN"></a>"In a historic upset, the Baraka slate won two of the three races, one of them by just 48 votes." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 96. Print.</small>
1. <a id="OWlO55Fd"></a>"Cerf explained the delay to Brizard, who agreed to wait....Brizard went to Chicago, leaving Newark without a candidate" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 99-100. Print.</small>
1. <a id="GprZ365K"></a>"Nonetheless, Booker and Cerf's agenda lurched forward, thanks to the round-the-clock work of the consultants....More than six hundred students from across the city had signed up for six proposed new schools at an open house." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 104-105. Print.</small>
1. <a id="I5bclgYG"></a>"'You know what this is all leading to—it's privatization." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 106. Print.</small>
1. <a id="jeqUZNGE"></a>"'I can't have any more talks about 'respecting the community.'....'Just wait until we name a white superintendent.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 106-107. Print.</small>
1. <a id="eQ5EJf6R"></a>"Anderson had two apparent marks against her. First she was white. Since 1973, Newark had had only African American superintendents, and ninety-five percent of district students were black and brown." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 107. Print.</small>
1. <a id="PJ9qouBA"></a>"she was known for having an insular and uncompromising management style....'...That's Cami.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 108. Print.</small>
1. <a id="VNjt8fsX"></a>"She also called on her family experience....in their own lives." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 110. Print.</small>
1. <a id="wtzF2TuT"></a>"But Anderson had an interesting backstory....in honor of Frederick Douglass." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 107-108. Print.</small>
1. <a id="sOvVChXU"></a>"Asked if she knew that angry crowds were packing school board meetings....she would not take orders from anyone." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 108. Print.</small>
1. <a id="zFKq2Coe"></a>"'To me,' she said, 'great leadership is everything....Not bogging them down.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 120. Print.</small>
1. <a id="eRfwoGZx"></a>"Anderson moved swiftly on her strategy....in which unassigned teachers sat idle and collected pay." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 122. Print.</small>
1. <a id="UJCnHGeI"></a>"Anderson violated one of her own principles of management....the other philanthropists to foot the bill." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 126. Print.</small>
1. <a id="v4sFDNz8"></a>"The Global Education Advisers consulting team had reported with alarm....so that all students were on a class roster on day one." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 128. Print.</small>
1. <a id="wuP9XwMh"></a>"One morning, the topic of the leadership meeting was Newark's abominable high school graduation rate....'The point person retired and the director of guidance position no longer exists,' Leon said." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 122-123. Print.</small>
1. <a id="e3mu5Fov"></a>"She hired the Parthenon Group....who had taken it from the business world." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 125. Print.</small>
1. <a id="Q2eoT4NC"></a>"The FNF staff repeatedly pressed Anderson to negotiate lower rates....she got her way." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 127. Print.</small>
1. <a id="SEMh282w"></a>"The young philanthropist was unwaware....which included few New Jersey locals other than Newark's." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 153-154. Print.</small>
1. <a id="nsHY9gWE"></a>"'Joe' was Joseph Del Grosso, president of the Newark local....almost one in ten school days." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 152. Print.</small>
1. <a id="kKhyecp9"></a>"Del Grosso, with Weingarten's blessing, agreed....added $31 million to the philanthropists' tab." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 156. Print.</small>
1. <a id="1tsJhQyS"></a>"The cost of labor reforms was growing increasingly extravagant....$100 million in matching gifts." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 156-157. Print.</small>
1. <a id="I75urJNb"></a>"Asked afterward if his union was....'Let's pray there's another Zuckerberg.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 164. Print.</small>
1. <a id="oeLoV7zZ"></a>"'I've heard the fear that philanthropy in Newark....a hundred million dollars?" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 159. Print.</small>
1. <a id="Y8rMlpqA"></a>"'I did not come here to phase the district out.'" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 119. Print.</small>
1. <a id="chv1aUPC"></a>"Newark charters now were growing at a pace to enroll forty percent of children in five years, leaving the district with sixty percent" <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 118. Print.</small>
1. <a id="mo0kuc8v"></a>"Charters were under the control of Cerf, not Anderson." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 118. Print.</small>
1. <a id="2L7DH3T2"></a>"In addition to having more money at the school level....two Princess Williamses in Room 112 instead of one." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 137-138. Print.</small>
1. <a id="naVC3rdP"></a>"But here, in a class of twenty-six children, Fils Aime has considerable support....worked with Fils Aime to alter them." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 216. Print.</small>
1. <a id="dchkBJnD"></a>"Belcher made them a responsibility of the school by creating a dean of student and family engagement, a position that didn't exist in any district school." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 139. Print.</small>
1. <a id="b9XJPGiA"></a>"Although many district teachers voluntarily gave long hours....At SPARK, being available and responsible for all students was part of every job description." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 141. Print.</small>
1. <a id="pKUx517s"></a>"Some cases took a team, if not a village....a specialist in domestic abuse who handled the case." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 140. Print.</small>
1. <a id="bjqgi6Zw"></a>"The children Da'Veer Snell's kindergarten class....sixteen of those surpassed it." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 147. Print.</small>
1. <a id="UDbrYmuN"></a>"TEAM's schools ranked sixth among charters....about the same in math as their district peers, according to the Stanford study." <small>Russakoff, Dale. The Prize: Who's in Charge of America's Schools? Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2016. 138. Print.</small>
